# MyTrainer Terms of Service

Version 1 - May 29, 2023

## 0. Definitions

- `MiEntreno`: web and mobile application for sports training management.

- `Trainer`: person who uses MyTrainer to manage his clients' training sessions.

- `Student`: person who uses MyTrainer to manage his workouts with his coach.

- `You`: The Trainer or the Student using MyTrainer.

- `We`: MyTraining.

## 1. Scope of application

These terms and conditions apply to all users of MiEntreno on this platform. By using MiEntreno, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, do not use MiEntreno.

Failure to comply with any of the terms and conditions may result in the cancellation of your account without refund for the remaining subscription time.

## 2. Accounts

Any person who resides in Spain and is at least 18 years of age, or has the legal capacity to enter into a binding contract in your jurisdiction, may have an account. In the case of minors under 18 years of age, the parent or legal guardian of the minor will be responsible for the account.

Please do not provide false information when creating an account. If you violate this rule, we reserve the right to terminate your account.

## 3. Content

You are responsible for all content you store on MyTrainer. Do not post content that does not belong to you or that you do not have permission to use. In the case of links to external content, we are not responsible for such content.

In the event that the content you post is illegal, we reserve the right to terminate your account; as well as bring such content to the attention of the competent authorities for appropriate action.

## 4. Payments

MiEntreno is a paid service. Payment is made by credit or debit card through the Stripe payment gateway. We do not store any of your credit or debit card information. Stripe is a secure and PCI (Payment Card Industry) certified payment gateway.

Payment is made in advance, and is automatically renewed every month or year, depending on the subscription you have chosen. If you do not wish to renew your subscription, you can cancel it at any time from the subscription section of your account; thus terminating the service at the end of the current subscription period.

In case you have any problem with the payment, please contact us by any of the means at your disposal.

## 5. Software

MiEntreno is a software as a service (SaaS). No downloading, copying, modification or redistribution of the MiEntreno software is permitted unless an explicit license to do so is provided.

MiEntreno receives periodic updates to improve the service and correct errors without prior notice. We will endeavor to ensure that such updates do not interfere with the operation of MiEntreno, but we are not responsible for any problems that may arise as a result of such updates.

It is the user's responsibility to keep his/her web browser and operating system updated to ensure the correct functioning of MiEntreno. The supported web platforms are:

- The latest stable version of Microsoft Edge
- The latest stable version of Google Chrome

In the case of development for new platforms, the supported versions will be those expressly indicated in the application information for that platform; for example, Google Play Store in the case of Android.

## 6. Modifications to this agreement

We reserve the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time. If changes are made to these terms, you will be notified at least 30 days prior to the effective date of the new terms by email to the email address associated with your account.

If you do not agree with the new terms, you can cancel your account before they take effect, with the right to a refund for the remaining subscription time (in case you have an annual subscription).

## 7. Data protection

The personal data you provide will be stored on secure servers located in Spain. You can exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting us by any of the means we make available to you.

The personal data you provide will not be shared with third parties, unless it is necessary for the proper functioning of MiEntreno (for example, for sending emails).

In addition, we reserve the right to use MyTrainer usage and behavioral data to improve the service and offer new features, always in an anonymous and aggregated form. For example, we can use usage data to find out which functionalities are most used and which are not, so that we can improve the less used functionalities.

## 8. Limitation of liability

MiEntreno is provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, express or implied. We do not warrant that MyTrainer will be secure, error-free or operate without interruption, beyond what is reasonably possible and required by law. We are not responsible for any damages that may arise from the use of MyTrainer.

## 9. Applicable Law

These terms and conditions are governed by Spanish law. Any dispute arising from these terms and conditions shall be resolved in the courts of the city of Vigo, Spain; or failing that, of the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.

## 10. Translations of these terms and conditions

These terms and conditions are available in the same languages as the rest of the application, i.e. Spanish, Galician, Catalan and Basque. Although every care has been taken in the translation of these terms and conditions, in the event of any discrepancy between the Spanish version and the version in another language, the Spanish version shall prevail.

## 11. Contact

The person responsible for data processing is Ariel Costas Guerrero. To contact the data controller, you can send an e-mail to `rgpd@mientreno.app`. For privacy reasons, a VAT number, mailing address and telephone number are not provided.

If you have any questions or suggestions, you can contact us by any of the means we make available to you.
